title: Home Page
description: The Home Page
keywords: home,page,squwiki

# Home Page #
hehehehe
## Welcome to SquWiki - The clean and modern PHP Wiki! ##

### What is SquWiki? ###
SquWiki is a PHP script that allows one to host a basic, easy to use Wiki. The wiki articles are not editable by the public, and must be edited using some type of notepad like application. This allows SquWiki to run with very low requirements, and no database.

SquWiki came to be because I could not find a solution for my needs, something flat, something simple to install and something that used Markdown and was super easy to use without the need of an exploitable login system.

### How to use SquWiki ###
SquWiki is very simple and easy to use PHP Wiki script. Everything is written in markdown, which is human readable text to format HTML pages.

Editing the wiki is simple as everything is stored in a flat-file type database of sorts. When you want to create a new page, just simply login to your web server, and create a new file under the "pages" folder called "page_name.md".
Then you will need the following at the top of the file:

    title: Tile of Page
    description: Description of Page
    keywords: Keywords,of,page
    
That will set most of the needed meta data for you so that if a page is shared from the site, places like Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc can grab meta data which makes the search result, or post much better looking.
Once that is in place, you can start building the page to your liking. [Here is where it all started](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax). This will give you the syntax you need to begin building a good-looking, simple, clean, and fast Wiki Site.

1. one
2. two
3. three
4. four